hey there I'm syvia Perez I'm the
founder of adcon conversion.com and in
this video tutorial we're going to be
talking about LinkedIn thought leader
ads specifically 14 strategies that I
believe are worth testing uh and I'm
going to show you examples and
references for each one so that way you
can learn more about it so first things
first LinkedIn thought leader ads I'm
assuming you know what it is but just as
a quick crash course and introduction it
is an ad type where you can take an
employes post a personal post from a
personal page so you can see here on the
right here this this is my personal
LinkedIn post and then I can take this
post and then I can submit a request for
approval and then the person of that
post can then accept that request and
then allow me to run their post as an ad
this is really powerful and the the uh
benefits of this have been quite insane
in terms of Engagement rates
clickthrough rates of what we've seen in
terms of the thought leader ads in
comparison to regular company sponsored
post it's opened up a world of
opportunities as well in terms of uh
affiliate deals and uh Creator
sponsorships uh for example you could
use thought leader ads to promote posts
from your top customers or you could use
thought leader ads to promote posts from
Affiliates or creators that are posting
on behalf of your company promoting your
products right there's so many endless
opportunities and use cases of how you
could potentially use the thought leader
ad format uh as a strategy to test so
let's dive into 14 specific strategies
that you can test with some visual
examples uh that have worked really well
in the B2B SAS space so I'm going to be
leveraging this article here as a visual
reference so this was written by
Alejandro pedes and uh we will link it
in the description box down below uh for
you and you can reference all these
visuals for for further clarification so
starting with the first play here that
you can do the first strategy is you can
announce new product features
Integrations and Partnerships so the
idea here is you really want to build
trust with your audience and you want to
Target the experts and speak to them
like their experts so you want to show
them all the cool things that they can
actually achieve with your product so
let's go through some examples here so
here's one from dream data where uh one
of their subject matter experts is
talking about dream data that's actually
someone on their sales team so this is a
cool way of showing like anyone across
the organization can share product
expertise here um and you can see here
they're they're talking about that and
the before and after with their product
here's another example from gong uh
where they're talking about a new
feature that was just released so this
is a really cool use case of thought
leader ads uh here's another one from
user gems where specifically they're
talking about uh signals and then
they're relating this with their
specific product so the idea here is you
want better signals use user gems
another example from dream data here is
around uh how people use their product
to cut acquisition cost but specifically
by leveraging their product uh so again
they're tying everything around certain
product features Integrations or
Partnerships to show that how you can
get the benefit from their product so
this is the first play that you can use
for LinkedIn thought leader ads the
second one is to highlight the main
problem your product solves and the
solution it provides so the key to
success here is after the prospect reads
your content they should be able to
articulate the problem your product
solves the solution it provides and if
they can't you really need to simplify
that meth messaging so let's go through
some examples here we've got this one
from Apollo again the goal here is to
highlight the main product the problem
solves and how it's different so you can
see here in this case this example from
Apollo uh David wrote this you can see
it says no one goes into sales because
they have a lifelong passion for data
entry or admin work right like that's
that's the key problem it's like no one
wants to do this data entry or admin
work right um sales people are sales
people because they want to build
relationships close deals and drive
revenue and that's what Apollo is laser
focus on for sellers empowering them to
do exactly what they do best there's a
great bridge from the problem into the
solution so this this post in this case
it's by the SVP of marketing at Apollo
uh but this could be anyone right so
like this is where you can get really
creative on who is the thought leader
behind the post it could be an internal
person it can be an external person uh
it could be a partner uh you can really
get crazy with with all the different
applications but by having this play in
mind now now you can set up different
experiments to see okay like for example
maybe one worthwhile experiment for this
place specifically to get really into
the rabbit hole is okay I want to test
thought leader ads that highlight the
main problem that my product solves and
and Bridge my solution with it and I
want to test it with one as a an
internal post with my CEO I want to do
another one with an internal subject
matter expert I want to do another test
with the same play with uh a partner or
I want to do another test with using a
customer right as the thought leader so
you can start to brainstorm here how you
could leverage thought leader ads uh
with this specific play from an
experimentation perspective all right
moving on because we have a lot of
different plays to cover is play number
three highlighting a case study to
feature your own company this is also
another really cool approach with
thought leader ads the key to success
here is to show how your team is using
your tool to reach your goals I mean
that like emphasis on your here and your
company can serve as its own case study
right so uh the case study can be you in
terms of like I use my tool to get X
result I think that's really powerful
because it shows you're actually eating
what you know you're practicing What You
Preach you're eating your own food and
uh in addition to that it can just be a
standard case study on the results of
others so for example here is one from
user gems and this is an example of how
user gems is using user gems so this is
like a case study on their own company
of how they're using their own product
to get a specific outcome which is which
is quite cool here's another one from
from Apollo uh and this is an example of
how Apollo is using Apollo to drive
results using drum roll Apollo right so
this is using case studies from your own
stuff right so you can be your own case
study as well uh and then here is
another example from Soso showing how
they're creating uh specialized gifts
using their own product right so case
studies are really powerful use case for
Thought leader ads moving on to this the
the fifth play is to generate Buzz
before attending an in-person event so
you can use thought leader ads to drive
event interest uh so for example you can
use an ABM list of attendees uh or you
know this could be an ABM list with job
functions layered on top and essentially
you can get in front of very specific
group of people that you want to be
aware of this event and then you could
use thought leader ads as a way of
driving awareness to that specific event
so this is an example here from yonberg
over at hockey stack on how they're
doing this all right sixth play that you
can do is to stay top of mind after an
event equally important as like now that
you've stayed top of Mind before the
event you drove that interest how can we
actually continue that that mind share
and that conversation post event so the
same is true you can use uh thought
leader ads to be able to do that so in
this case you can see here this is a
post from Soso and they're talking about
their experience post event uh and and
they're using a thought leader ad to be
able to drive uh awareness around that
which is a great use case right and look
how authentic this looks right the cool
thing too about do leer ads is they
don't look like ads because they're not
they're posts and uh that authenticity
is really powerful because the first
thing is people see it in their feed and
they don't associate it with an ad they
think it's just a regular post and
because of that the engagement rate is
usually much greater all right moving on
to the next play here play number seven
is to promote your own event so kind of
continuing on this whole theme around
events here is you can use thought
leader ads to promote your own events
right so uh if you have speakers that
you want to showcase right or if you're
speaking at an event or uh whatever you
want to do this is another powerful use
case of thought leader ads is you can
drive event interest and we've got some
examples here for you play number eight
is to promote an upcoming webinar this
is another use case of thought leader
ads that you can leverage so you can
highlight the the value of the webinar
for your audience the one that you're
attending uh what you're going to learn
so this is another cool way you can use
thought leader ads and you can see we've
got a lot of different examples here for
you on how people are leveraging this to
drive webinar
registrations moving on is uh play
number nine is to promote your own
newsletter so you can use thought leader
ads to promote a newsletter so I mean
this could be really simple like in this
case we have an example from motion uh
and they're talking about their new
newsletter called thumb stop that they
launched and uh you know people can can
check it out and it's it's pretty
straight straightforward and the cool
thing about thought leader ads is you
can do it with images you can do it with
videos and uh so you can take a post
with an image and you can promote it as
a thought leader ad you can take a post
of the video promote a thought leader ad
and and so on and so forth uh currently
documents or carousels are not supported
but but maybe it'll change in the future
uh in addition to that just be mindful
when you are creating your thought
leader ads that you don't have more than
four emojis uh four emojis is is the the
rule with ad like ad policy for some
reason LinkedIn doesn't let you drive
spend use more than four emojis don't
know why uh so if you have a LinkedIn
post with your thought leader ad and
you're going to use it as a thought
leader ad just be careful not to go too
crazy on the Emojis you could always
edit your post after and then like
reduce the amount of emojis and then
also include a link to your event uh or
your webinar whatever the case might be
that you're trying to promote so that
way now you can drive more direct clicks
because you don't need to rely on the
organic reach anymore because you're
actually uh sponsoring the post so that
is the the next use case moving on
number 10 is to celebrate customer wins
there's another cool use case of thought
leader ads on how you can leverage it so
you can highlight customer wins when
they get an award or they get an outcome
with your product or service uh this is
basically social proof right in a
nutshell so this could be another really
cool way for you to use thought leader
ads and we've got some cool examples
here uh that you can check out from
lavender and and so on and so forth all
right play number 11 is to demo
different use cases of your product uh
this to me is one of the most powerful
thought leader at examples is just using
it to just give free demos essentially
uh in feed so you can have someone
that's like a subject matter expert a
senior leader educate prospects on how
they use your product so basically just
do a demo and create a video and put it
on a thought leader ad and then just
boost it as a thought leader ad right
and now you're you're getting people to
consume a demo video in feed at a
fraction of a cost so now they're
building uh awareness around what you do
so you can exceed an example here from
dream data Stefan from dream data is
creating a quick little demo going over
their LinkedIn ads engagement report so
people who follow him will now be aware
of that and because he's going to take
this now as a thought leader ad he can
now boost it to his list of accounts
that he's outbound to he's prospecting
to or whoever he wants this post to be
in front of okay so moving on now to
play number 12 uh we've got sharing long
form content with insights that your ICP
would be interested in so your ideal
customer profile so long form post right
so don't be aw don't be afraid of long
form copy copy as long as it's valuable
and relevant will be read so uh instead
you can have these long form posts that
really break out insights and and drive
unique value and perspective that your
prospects could be uh finding relevant
and helpful so this is an example from
hockey stack yber does an awesome job in
this long- form post really diving into
uh what he learned analyzing 150
companies with SLG motions sales like
growth motions and uh and what they
learn from that so this is a really cool
example there we have all of the the the
examples as well linked for you here so
you can click on it and see it on
LinkedIn as well uh moving on to play
number 13 is to provide practical advice
based on insights from your own platform
so I hope you're starting to notice a
pattern here and this is really just
kind of getting your your your brain
spinning in terms of ideas which is kind
of the whole goal of this video is to
give you so many ideas of like how you
could Leverage The Thought leader ad
format and uh here is providing
practical advice based on insights from
your platform
so if your platform like one of the the
key benefits of SAS businesses is data
right you have all this unique data that
you can then look over a large data set
a large amount of customers and then
pull insights that those individual
customers wouldn't have the ability to
find on their own so if you're a
platform that has access to a
significant amount of data uh you can
you can analyze your data sets to pull
those very very uh nuanced insights put
that together into a research report and
then be able to share that as a thought
leader ad so here's an example from
lavender talking about uh in insights
from from their platform that they got
in terms of practical advice so like
here they're talking about ctas and your
cold email right this is coming from the
data that they've learned from their
insights right uh and you can see here
love when the data contradicts the
LinkedIn ecosystem which makes this post
even more valuable because he's saying
hey based on our experience and our data
set here's what we're seeing Works
despite what everyone's saying on
LinkedIn that's that's super valuable
all right play number 14 the final play
here is to leverage social proof from
existing customers this is one of my
favorite ways to use thought leader ads
it's so powerful it's one thing for you
to say you're awesome it's another thing
for your client to say you're awesome
and to say it on their own LinkedIn
personal page in front of all their
personal connections and friends that's
really really powerful social proof and
it's authentic and believable so you can
see here as an example this is um Brian
that uh is doing a looks like they're
doing a partnership here and basically
he's posting on the behalf of of user
gems and his experience of all the great
success he found with user gems and he
works at gong so he's a c or he works at
gong and he's a customer of user gems
and he's talking about what he was able
to achieve so he had a 24-hour deal
cycle for 100
,000 uh opportunity that he drove um
guessing using you the user gems
platform right so really cool use case
another one here is from clay this is
one of their customers that found really
good success with Clay talking about how
awesome Clay is now Clay is taking that
post from that customer once they
approve it as a as a thought leader and
they're posting it into their campaigns
right so this is another great way to
use thought leader ads I hope this was
helpful and you've got tons of ideas
ideas uh to reference in terms of how
you could use thought leader ads and
different strategies and approaches to
test and use cases uh if you like this
video definitely go ahead and make sure
to check out this article if you want to
reference these examples in further
detail if you want to click on the links
actually go see them on LinkedIn and do
some more analysis by all means and uh
if you want to learn more about LinkedIn
ads then check out this playlist here as
we have a lot of different video
tutorials around LinkedIn and if you're
interested in learning more about B2B
advertising and you want to get into
this then check out AC conversion.com we
have free courses taught by the world's
best practitioners designed to teach you
what you need to know with no lesson
longer than 10 minutes so you can get
the action will insights and information
as quickly as possible I'll see you in
the next one